[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
WORLD DOMINATION KIT
[Mom] Naoko, there's a package for you.
Thanks!
What did you buy?
A skirt!
It's so cute!
[giggles]
Looks great.
[grunts]
Huh?
[strains]
[gasps]
[panting]
I bought my usual size, but it didn't fit.
I'm gonna run till it zips all the way up!
Naoko?
What, you silly alien?
Happy birthday, Naoko.
What's going on? It's not my birthday.
I want to celebrate your birth
into this world each and every day!
Don't get in the way of my exercise!
[roaring] Gau!
Gauko Kick!
[screaming]
[chomps, swallows]
[moans]
-[Lemon] And, checkmate.
-[Drop] What?
Wait a sec, sis!
Too late!
[yells]
[groans] My head is spinning.
I bet you got pummeled by Gauko again.
Bibilian! I want a status update
on your Earth conquest!
I'm working hard to see it through!
You're too slow!
Hurry up, or I'll banish you
to the far reaches of the universe!
Okay! I'll get right on it!
I'm running out of patience!
I'm doomed.
It's because you're always
chasing after Naoko.
Well, then, what should I do?
I might have just the thing.
[static]
[narrator] Unbelievable destructive power
concealed beneath a metallic exterior.
With this device, you can instantly become
a conqueror, too!
The first part of the Weekly World
Domination Kit is available for 490 yen!
Get it now!
Wow, that's just what I need!
The next day...
[Bibilian] It's here!
Now, to build my world domination device!
Huh?
What am I supposed to with this?
You'll get another part next week.
Oh, so that's how it works.
[Naoko pants]
Naoko?
It's the annoying alien again!
I don't have time for this!
Here, this should put
some pep in your step.
I told you, I'm trying to exercise!
Stop distracting me, you fool!
[roaring] Gau, Gau, Gau!
Gauko Kick!
[screams]
[chomps, swallows]
That annoying alien.
He's gonna pay for this.
A week later...
[Bibilian] The second part is here.
Um, so last week's bolt
must go in like this.
It's done!
What do I do with this?
You wait for next week's part.
Bibilian! Have you conquered Earth yet?
Yes, I'm almost done.
It's already been a week!
I won't wait any longer.
I'm going to banish you
to the far reaches of the universe!
[wails]
Please, anything but that!
I just need a little more time!
Then conquer Earth by tomorrow!
This is your last chance!
I will!
What are we going to do?
Not my problem.
I have to finish that device by tomorrow.
The next part won't arrive
until next week.
I can't wait that long.
Then try calling customer service.
Oh, great idea, Lemon. You're so smart.
Hello?
Hello, De Scamerini
customer service center.
I purchased
your Weekly World Domination Kit,
but I need to complete it now.
Can you send me the next part?
Please wait until next week.
[Bibilian]
I'm calling because I can't wait.
We can't ship a part
that hasn't been released yet.
Can you make an exception?
[panting]
Besides, even if we sent the next part,
you wouldn't be able to finish it.
Huh?
-You need all 100 parts to complete it.
-Huh?
One hundred parts means 100 weeks.
-That's almost two years.
-Two years?
You'll be all wrinkly in the far reaches
of the universe by then.
Yep.
[screeches] What?
Please send me all 100 parts immediately!
That's impossible.
[Bibilian] So you don't care
if I get all wrinkly and shriveled up?
[operator]
I'm afraid there's nothing I can do.
Actually, there is one way.
What would that be?
Well, we have another product called...
the Weekly Time Machine Kit.
-I recommend you order it.
-[Bibilian] Huh?
Use it to make a time machine.
Huh? And then?
Use the time machine
to travel two years into the future.
Your world domination device
should be complete by then.
All you have to do
is bring it back to the present.
Whoa, nice idea.
So would you like to order
our Weekly Time Machine Kit?
Right away! Express delivery, please!
-Halley!
-Babu, babu!
It's here.
I'm going to make a time machine!
Huh?
It says it will be complete
once you have all 500 parts.
Five hundred parts?
In about ten years.
What?
De Scamerini customer ser--
Are you scamming me?
Is there a problem?
It takes ten years
to complete the time machine!
That's way too long!
Oh, that's all right.
How is it all right?
You'll complete the time machine
in ten years, correct?
Huh?
So why doesn't the "you" in ten years
use it to travel back to this point?
What?
Oh, I see what you're saying.
It's theoretically possible.
So, please, don't worry.
All you have to do is wait.
I don't get it.
The "you" in ten years can travel
back here with the time machine.
Then we'll use it
to travel two years in the future
and bring back
the world domination device.
I still don't get it.
What is that?
Here it is! The time machine!
Who are you?
I'm Naoko from ten years in the future.
Wow, Naoko!
You've become a beautiful lady!
You annoying alien! I couldn't exercise
because you were always sabotaging it!
You kept making me so angry.
So I've grown up to be a dino lady!
-[roaring] Gau! Gau!
-[screaming]
[roaring]
Gau, Gau, Gau! [growls]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪